link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/anthony-miller/pen/WNoGbPO?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  defines the content

    2. What is HTML used for? 
  structuring our website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
  it provides additional information to our elements such as href and src

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
it is used to only once and it is used for titling our website

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and a

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header></header>

    7. What is an id? 
The id attribute is used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet. It is also used by JavaScript to access and manipulate the element with the specific id


    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
any element but only once


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once

    10. What is a class? 
class is same as id except it can be used in multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
infinite

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target _blank

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is usually a much larger part and div is more specific

    17. What is CSS used for? 
stylizing a website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id is something you can only use once. and class you can have in multiple elements.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
with a . in front of the class name

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The element>element selector is used to select elements with a specific parent. it would be useful if we were trying to select all child elements that share the same parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar a:link{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:capitalize, lowercase, uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border: 1px dotted black
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*comment*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
whoami

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm

    34. Why should I use version control? 
to keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
every cmajor change or roughly 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
git add ., git commit -m "my changes", git push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 